[AI-6222] Document newChat option and angie-new-chat hash parameter (#34)
elementor/angie-sdk: README.md

**Options:**
- `timeout`: How long to wait for Angie response (milliseconds)  

> - `newChat`: When `true`, clears the current conversation and opens a fresh chat with the prompt pre-filled in the input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `angie-new-chat`: When `true`, clears the current conversation and opens a fresh chat with the prompt pre-filled in the input
```
